hello beautiful people welcome back to
another video I hope you're doing really
really good and I've had an amazing
start to the week in today's video I am
bringing to you a huge Christmas outfits
whole and try on also which take a
minute it is the 2nd of December how is
this a Howard has happened this year's
just flown by it's gone up so quick and
it's the best time of the year
like Christmas market season roast
dinner so many Yorkshire puddings I went
to the Christmas markets last night and
I was just in my element like mulled
wine and just all the cozy vibes so in
this hole I wanted to bring stuff for
like outfits or Christmas markets like
weekend's like cozy knit that kind of
thing but also tries to like delete
single and any Christmas events so
everything in this haul is from a brand
called Parisien I haven't actually
shopped with them before and I don't
know why to be honest because when
everything came I've been so shocked by
the quality of them it looks really nice
I'm like I can't wait to show you much I
was staring at this like faux fur GLA
which I wore last night and was it kept
warm and it was so so nice you've
probably seen the brand like over on
Instagram quite a bit show you what I
got I think I spent around 250 pounds
and I got absolutely loads like I got up
to jacket style things some really nice
jeans so yeah I'm just going to get
straight into it I'll do what I usually
do I'll show you I'll show you what I
got and then try it on but before I get
into it don't forget to this video a big
thumbs up and if you aren't already
subscribed to my channel our love
he's ever been to do this video but I've
been watering like the loads of the
stuff like this
jion / dress is actually from Peruvian
and I love it it's got that gorgeous
perfectly but I'll show that and say so
let's just try it all on oh here's this
first dress that I had on I've had on
from the beginning and it is this
gorgeous like knit that's such a
beautiful fabric
it's got like weave detailing on the
arms and then I love how it goes into
like a puff sleeve over the shoulder I
just think it's so flattering and super
comfy it's not like you know it some of
these dresses can feel like super clingy
like this one isn't like that
oh and it's such a gorgeous sort of
fabric I've had it with some like
snakeskin and booze and I was also
thinking it'd look really nice with like
a little hat and then also like a nice
little teddy jacket or something and I
think that's such a cute little cozy
weekend outfit or like Sundy roast or
just you know cute and co way down I
wore this last night as well and what I
do like about these is in winter
especially you can get away with wearing
these as like jumpers as well because
you can just sort of pull them up and
like you know turn I just love the color
I think it's really classy so I'm gonna
start with these coated jeans which are
so so nice like I've got like detailing
here on both sides and I've had so many
questions I wore these in a picture on
Instagram and Sony because asked where
they're from and I can reveal though
from Parisien and there's no reason to
be priced as well and they're really
good quality and they fit so well
they're like a mid-rise but I'll show
you these are next up I've got this
gorgeous like mesh new black zigzag
would you call it top in like a body
suit so it comes down here
I just thought this looks so nice that
you could dress this up quite casually
with G it with the coated jeans
and if you do so much with it like a
skirt or whatever with a nice little
coat I just thought that was so nice
I don't know how transparent it's going
to be a hunt one yeah yeah I got it in a
size 8 and it's got a little keyhole out
the back 1/2 I thought it's gonna be
like super transparent with it being you
but it kind of isn't I've got like a
need for on it fits lovely and it's just
something like very DIF just love the
actual style at the top and the print is
just so different and quite key so I
really like that and obviously it's like
my favorite colors nude and black
together quite a good whole this is in a
size 8 it's not like super suffocating
or anything around the neck and it's a
good length on the arm then I also
picked up this black top with the mesh
they have quite a few of these on the
store that this was my favorite one I
really liked the neckline of it it's
like this quite high net but a bit of a
sloping one and look the sleeves I
absolutely love mesh like I'm super math
thing this year
and this is also in like a bodysuit you
just can't go wrong and again you can
just dress yourself like with like jeans
a nice top this is like a vibe as you
know I'm obsessed with black like this
is where you just mix it different
textures oh my god
how nice is this top I absolutely love
these sleeves it's so flattering and
kind of like in senshu 8 it's your waist
I just think it's so nice on the
shoulders like I love how it's got a
little bit of a pop up here it looks
really lovely with the Coty jeans too
and I just like the quality and like the
neckline I imagine like a nice little
necklace as well with this and I just
love the detail it's like sporty kind of
like polka dot and this is just a nice n
shorter hair it's just no words today I
got this in a size 8 and it fits really
really well it's a gorgeous like fabric
it doesn't feel cheap like the
up close how nice a day then next we
have got this white and gold dress which
just is Christmas in an absolute dress I
haven't got anything like this before
but I just thought I'd give it a try
because I'm looking for Christmasy
outfits like nice Christmas event
Christmas meal and party kind of thing
it's got like a mesh little car I think
this will be so nice on it's gorgeous
quality I've got it in a size 8 it's
okay
I think it's like a MIDI length it's got
like paneling down his throne I haven't
got anything like this oh right Livia
we're going all out we're getting the
glitz and the glam and the sequins and
we'll give it a go here is the very out
bag white and gold dress it's definitely
harder than I'd usually pick but I
thought you know with it being Christmas
I just got to give it a try I love the
length of this dress and I think it's so
flattering like accentuate your curves
gives you a little nip in around the
waist and I like the mesh detailing and
that's surprisingly I thought this was
going to be like super super
uncomfortable with all the sequins but
it isn't oh I like the quality and I
think with like you know full gum makeup
this will look completely different
there's just something there's something
I'm not quite sure about maybe it's just
cuz I'm not used to it me in this kind
of dress but I think it is really good
like what Christmas classic tell you a
whole lot not on the front and yeah next
is this like Stoney
Carol kind of jump color I saw this on
the website
and one of the pictures ago how it like
slightly off the shoulder and I just
thought it looked so cozy it's really
thick gorgeous quality it's really
similar to something you can get in
Sarah and I like this little knot here
it's just something different and it's
got a bit of shakes obviously this is
gonna pull you in rather than just be
like a boxy John Hurt's I really like
that like date
Rohan its kind of I feel like I wish it
was a bit longer on the sleeve but I
have like my jumpers to calm down a bit
but we can work with it but Isabelly out
like I think just a bit sure and I would
probably recommend like sizing up in
there this is what I wore to the
Christmas market it's like a gray faux
fur GLA it's such lovely quality I've
got it in a size 8 and I wore it last
night super cozy but it's not like my
perfume as well as she's at home last
night
you don't need us braids so much well I
didn't I've got this really strong
perfume and I only sprayed to spritz but
you know I was actually like me wanted
to be sticky from the car because I
sprayed too much on myself I would like
their little hopes gonna call the homes
in I can't speak today honestly
absolutely everything well needs this in
a winter wardrobe and this was so
reasonably priced oh I must have had the
tag on last night the outfit I wore last
night it's a Christmas Marcus and I had
another like warm underneath this and
then I wore this jumper dressed up as a
top had just kind of put tell that is a
dress and with the kurtik jeans which I
on I am obsessed with and then next I
also picked up this gorgeous details
like beautiful black little blazer now
how does this go up with like a little
crisp white shirt underneath popping
through and the black coated jeans or
like a little black and leather look
skirt there's just so much you can wear
this and it has some gorgeous like
pearly detailed button this could also
go so nice over like a shirt dress you
know I can like done up and I've got
this in a size tanks on you want it to
be quite oversized and it just look
fitted but I absolutely love that and
it's such a lovely like quality it's
like a Tweedy kind of feel to it
and
here is this lovely little beauty blazer
jacket I feel very fancy yes and I
wasn't sure about if this was gonna like
I don't know like aged me i hack
solutely love these buttons like they
actually turn on the buttons is so nice
I think this will look even better like
underneath a white shirt dress I saw
other models on the site had that on so
that would be a lovely little outfit
don't know if it looks right with the
jeans I just feel a bit too more like
Graham Mari
you can obviously like do more buttons
of it if you wanted to and here are the
coated here are the coasted jeans which
I am obsessed with I worn these so much
right as soon as I open them I tried to
I was like wow they just fit so nice
that's super super flattering and I just
love these like zip detailing I haven't
really found I've got so many pairs of
crota jeans but they're all just very
much playing boy I think these are super
different and you've got your look
pockets in there they fit just so well
I've got these in and a and I really
really love them I will definitely get
my hands on these thank you so much for
watching this video guys I really hope
you enjoyed watching it just as much as
I did
filming it and let me know in the
comments which in favorite piece was and
I'll see you guys in the next video